TO DO
	Joke: Women's restrooms are like floral-scented clown cars
	Joke: Good thing you wore your +1 Cargo Pants of Holding today
	Zombie player: Can only go to the bar and eat the bartender 
	Vomiting in-combat: Go directly to zombie attack, place vomiting message between pic and "OW!" text
	Flask drinking / pill popping:
		- During combat, clicking the drink/pop button immediately loads 
		zombie-hit or zombie-miss screen, with imbibing text between 
		picture and normal "you got bit" message.
		- Out of combat, button just updates sidebar, maybe invokes JS effects,
		and perhaps has a popup window with a description of your action 
	Bottle-dropping-from-VIP-room
		First time player decides to approach the restrooms, 
			they stop, observe zombie in window with beer bottle, 
			and are presented with button "walk under the window anyway"
		From then on, 1pt of damage every time the player walks to or from the restroom without a helmet
		If player has an empty beer bottle, player can try to peg the zombie for damage (can actually kill the zombie)
		If player tries to ascend the ladder, 
			if zombie is distracted by a head thrown through the window, player enters VIP room
			otherwise, "are you sure?" confirmation, ten zombie claws at player for damage and player falls down
	Mortal Kombat
		Beating it gives +5% to your to-hit chance, and having the top score gives all attacks +1 damage
		$gamestate->arcade_player_id is set when you beat the game or die and enter your initials
		Database keeps track of all IDs, names, and scores
		If arcade_player_id equals top scoring ID, attacks are at +1 damage
		Then some sort of message indicating when top score is achieved / lost
			"You feel inspired" / "You feel crestfallen" 
	Derby Girls:
		If player chooses not to save Derby Girl, 
			VIDEO: Zombie Derby Girl eats Derby Girl, then immediately runs at player. Player ends up in
			correct position for combat with zombie, with Derby Girl not in frame.
		If player chooses to save Derby Girl and Zombie Lurker is alive
			Player fights Zombie Derby Girl, who dies normally. Player then looks over to observe
			Zombie Lurker eating Derby Girl.
	
	
	In-game to-do list
	End-of-combat "Hey, you're really hurt. You should drink more booze." message
	Alternatives to YouTube (to avoid advertising): http://kareltests.co.uk/
	Buy bruise wheel
	Take a design cue from http://runforyourlives.com/
	Fancy vector graphics with Paper.js?
	Parallaxy front page (jQuery example: https://github.com/cameronmcefee/plax)
	Help page uses CSS3 accordion example from http://www.red-team-design.com/css3-accordion
	Post-TWBMSW-learning recap
	Incremental narration:
		All sections are given class="split_narration"
		CSS makes first-child visible, others not
		Script adds button to end of each section (except last), applies IDs, and manually hides/shows
	
	"Talk to bartender" and "Order a drink" should be distinctly different actions
	Test to make sure that cookies are enabled.
	Transition idea: 
		Have old content slide up and away as new content slides up and in view,
		like each chunk of the narration is getting added to the bottom of a stack
	Scanned map drawn on bar napkin
	Buffer all JS
	Bar napkin map that shows arrows when player mouses over navigation buttons 
	To-hit chance modifiers for each zombie (difficulty levels)
	Switch scriptaculous animations to CSS transitions where possible
	Mouseover effects for buttons
	Animated health bar (green flash) when drinking
	"Zombie killed" effect:
		Half-opaque PNG of a wave of blood gets slid down over zombie image
		Then zombie image fades to black a bit
	
	Stuff is being dropped down the ladder, derby helmet needed to climb it

	http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/keywords/death_3.html
	Switch to jQuery and use jRumble? http://jackrugile.com/jrumble/
	For every action, make sure that player should be able to perform it
	Instead of looting a corpse being a separate action, make it happen automatically when the zombie
		dies, if it hasn't already been looted
	The 'OW' background image needs to be enabled and disabled, because its color and the background
		color apparently don't match up in all browsers
	More dramatic player death. Screen fades to black.
	Beta version numbers in header
	Require JS (don't bother with non-JS degradation) and create warning if JS isn't enabled
		Same with cookies
	Switch animations to CSS transitions
	Blood spray (red periods {as in full stops}) inspired by http://www.zachstronaut.com/posts/2009/12/21/happy-xmas-winternet.html
	Investigate -webkit-font-smoothing
	'Ow' background effect is really faint in Chrome (interference between JS and CSS transition?)
	Make sure most recent versions of Prototype and Scriptaculous are being used
	Set up Google Analytics before going live
	Use Modernizr (http://www.modernizr.com/) on front page to tell user what important browser capabilities they're missing and recommend other browsers
	
PLOT / MECHANICS IDEAS
	Burpies can be suppressed with an antacid (or Pepto Bismal or something?)
	Implement flask (found back behind the stage?)
	Plot twist: The bartender created the zombie outbreak and then needed you to
		help once it got out of hand.
	
	Punch:
	Kick:
	TWBMSW:
	Hammer(ed)-fist: Drunken, low-to-hit, high-damage version of punch
	Quarter punch: Upgrade to punch, player holds roll of quarters
	Pool cue: Slightly better than a kick, but breaks after a few whacks
		
REFERENCES
	Image crossfade: 
		http://css3.bradshawenterprises.com/cfimg/
	Whiteboard tutorial: 
		http://cristian.nexcess.net/ajax/whiteboard/
		http://www.cristiandarie.ro/ajax-php/PDFs/1825_whiteboard_Final.pdf	

EACH REQUEST (to /play)

	If POST data provided
		POST data passed to "default method" for the selected zone, Zone::{$zone}()
		That method calls action-specific 
		
	If no POST data provided
		Get current zone from cookie and invoke  

EACH ROUND OF COMBAT
	(player and zombie health bars float fixed to left and right of center content column)
	Combat buttons presented. Player chooses an action.
	Result determined, pic / message / js command set (js command 
	If zombie dead, death message set
	If zombie alive, zombie attack attempted, pic / message / js command set
	If player dead, game over message set
	If player alive, combat buttons presented

PROCEDURE: ADDING COMBAT
	Update Game::getAllEnemies()
	Update Game::getCombatIntro()
	Update Game::getPlayerAttackPic()
	Update Game::getZombieAttackPic()
	Update Game::getZombieDeathMessage()
	Update Game::getZombieDeathPic()
	Update Game::getLoot()
	Update zone-specific method in GameController
		combat & loot
	Create loot view

ZONES (zones are IN BOLD, actions are "in quotes")
	POOL_TABLES (one is out of order)
		ELSEWHERE is RESTROOMS, BASEMENT, FRONT_ZONES, LADDER, TABLES (if not fully searched)
		Links to
			"Put 50 cents into the pool table"
			"Steal the cue ball" (if not already stolen)
			ELSEWHERE
		
		"Put 50 cents into the machine"
			You ain't got enough money! (if that's... you know, true)
			Balls drop (if not stolen)
			Balls don't drop and you wonder why you did that (if stolen)
			Links to
				"Play a solo game of pool"
				"Steal all of the balls"
			
		"Steal the cue ball"
			Links to
				"Put 50 cents into the machine"
				ELSEWHERE
		
		"Steal all of the balls"
			Links to
				"Put 50 cents into the machine"
				"Steal the cue ball" (if not stolen)
				ELSEWHERE
		
		"Play a solo game of pool"
			Play without cueball (if cueball already stolen)
			Play with cueball (if cueball and balls not stolen)
			How do you expect to play? (if balls stolen)
			Links to
				"Put 50 cents into the machine"
				"Steal the cue ball" (if not stolen)
				ELSEWHERE
	
PERSONNEL
  PHOTO SHOOT CAST
	Stephanie Phillips	Bartender
	Emily Wuertemberger	Derby girl
	Jessi Irwin			Derby Zombie
	Jason Smith			Barfly
	Ryan Mast			Comedian
	Meghan McAdams		Soundbooth
	Wes Titus			Wheelchair
	Elsa				Zombie Child				
	Mary Ogle			Backstage corpse
	Adam Fisher			Comedy Fan
	Jestina Bankert		Hippie
  PHOTO SHOOT CREW
  	Graham Watson		Director
  	Mary Ogle			Assistant Director
  	Heather Haywood		Video
  	Cherish Nicole		Photo
  	Gypsy				Makeup
	Graham Watson		Effects	


	
   Availability
	Matt Hagan: After the 15th
	Ryan Mast: Tuesdays after 8pm
	Gypsy: 
		July 19, August 2, 9, 23, 30 all day
		July 26 and August 16 until 3:30pm
	Emily: Not July 19 or 26, "latter half of August may be sketchy"
	Zim: After 7pm
	Heather: Might not be available before 11pm
	
   August 2nd photo shoot
	Confirmations: Wes, Emily, Heather, Matt, Cherish, Kimi, Jessie
	Sort of confirmations: Jestina, Zim
	No word from Tim, Kat Molitor

MEDIA IDEAS
	Videos of the introduction of each zombie
	Pictures of player drawing dicks on the men's restroom wall and on dead men's room zombie's face	
	
BAR PURCHASES
	$3 shot heals 5 pts 	(60 cents per point)
	$2.50 beer heals 4 pts 	(62.5 cents per point)
	$1 tip: Bartender gives the player a hint/tip "Thanks for the tip! Now here's one for you: ..."
		Strategy hints: 
			Hey, Mike hates vegetables. Like the kind on these pizzas.
			Why not steal pool balls and eff up some zombies with them?
		Opening up new actions: 
			How to turn on the Mortal Kombat machine
			How to turn on soothing house music to make the zombies chill out (zombie attacks are less successful)
		Each hint is given once, possibly only at a particular point in the game.
		If all hints possible at the current gamestate have been given, 
			bartender just says "Thanks"
			OR gives zombie trivia or tells a zombie joke
		"Insert quarter to continue"

TWBMSW MECHANICS
	Once you learn the TWBMSW, you can use it in combat, but only when drunk.
		"Just like bowling and threesomes, there's no way you're going to be able to do this right sober." 
	Each use of it "spends" 0.045 BAC. ("a shot and a half")
		"You'll find that when you pull it off, you'll actually sober up a bit. As you spin around, the blood rushes through your liver so quickly that it immediately filters a bunch of the alcohol out of your bloodstream." 
	Chance of success diminishes with drunkenness. Something like:
		<  0.125	0% (not buzzed enough)
		>= 0.125	100% - (BAC - 0.125) * 300
			so 0.15 -> 92.5% and 0.2 -> 77.5% and 0.25 -> 62.5% and .4 -> 17.5%
		>=  0.4583	0% (way too drunk)
DRUNK MECHANICS
	The drunker the player is,
		text color is closer to background
		fade-ins are slower
		text is fuzzy (same color glow)
		buttons wobble
		
		> .15 BAC
		the content area is tilted and tilt is altered by a random walk
		(BAC * 100) - 15 = absolute value of boundaries of tilt (maybe add something like a 1.25 multiplier to that)
			so at BAC .2, tilt is -5 to +5 degrees
			   at BAC .4, tilt is -35 to +35 degrees

	Drunkenness is lowered by
		Successfully performing a TWBMSW (-0.04 BAC)
		Accidentally vomiting during a combat (-0.03 BAC)
			if BAC > .16, chance = (100% * BAC) that attack is replaced by vomiting
			"You feel a little less drunk."
		Finishing a combat (-0.002?)
		Drinking coffee ($1, -0.02)
	
	Drunk critical hit
		In combat, if attack is successful and BAC > 0.1,
		10% + (BAC * 10) chance of "DRUNK POWER!" critical hit that doubles damage
			So for BAC 0.15, chance is 11.5%
	
	BAC ranges, effects		
		0.00  - 0.03
		0.04+			Can use TWBMSW
		0.10+			Can get critical hits
		0.10  - 0.15	Can get criticals but won't vomit
		0.16+	   		Might vomit in combat
	
	Some combat moves require a certain BAC
	
	Entering some "scary" zones requires a certain BAc

SPENDING EXPERIENCE:
	After every X combats, a point can be spent to...
		Increase an attack's damage by 1pt (max of two additional points per attack)
		Increase an attack's accuracy by 5%
		Increase dodge chance by 5%
		Increase HP by 1pt
		

STATS / MERITS
	Courage -> Lifts "you have to be drunk to go into that scary place" restriction
	Alcohol tolerance (multiple levels?) -> BAC displays the same, but lowers effective BAC in drunk-status and all effects 
	Employment -> Raises starting money
	Gym membership -> Raises HP
	Scrapper -> Raises to-hit percents by 5%
	Bullied -> Adds "flashback" critical hits that increase damage done
	Dancer -> Increases dodge percentage
	
	CHARACTER ASPECTS
		One can be improved for free. More can be improved if flaws are taken.
		Health
			Scrawny:	18 HP
			Normal:		20 HP
			Buff:		22 HP
		To-hit chance
			Uncoordinated:	-5%
			Normal:			+0%
			Skilled:		+5%
		Starting money
			Broke:			$0
			Normal:			$5
			Employed:		$10
		Alcohol tolerance (effective BAC for negative effects and drunk-status messages)
			Lightweight:	120% of BAC
			Normal:			100% of BAC	
			Irish:			 80% of BAC	
		Temper (hits required to freak out)
			Buddhist:		12
			Normal:			10
			Short fuse:		 8

		Dodge?
		
		Courage?
		
		
		Character archetypes suggested to the player:
			Nerd:	+Money, -Health, +Temper
			"Your smarts have gotten you through school and into a great job, but you're still haunted by memories of bullies giving you swirlies."
			
--- --- Limericks --- ---
There was a young lady of Ealing,
And her lover before her was kneeling.
She said, 'Dearest Jim,
Take your hand off my quim;
I much prefer fucking to feeling.' 
 - QueenOfMistakes

There was a man named Stan
Romancing a woman in his van
They began to undress
and before she confessed
he learned she was a man
 - Minion of Cthulhu

I have a dear friend named Maybel
Who does dealing under the table.
She a bit of a slob,
But the best at her job-
For she swallows whenever she's able. 
 - nullandvoid

There once was a young man from Brighton
Who cried to his girl, "You're a tight one!"
She said, "'pon my soul-
You're in the wrong hole,
There's plenty of room in the right one!" 
- nullandvoid

There once was a woman named Alice
Who used a dynamite stick for a phallus
They found her vagina
In North Carolina
And asshole in Buckingham Palace
- Joe Francia

There once was a fellow named Frisk,
Whose stroke was exceedingly brisk.
So fast was his action,
That the Lorenz contraction,
Reduced his tool to a disk!
- Quidam Viator

There once was a girl named Dot
Who lived off of pig shit and snot
When she ran out of these
She ate the bleu cheese
That she scraped from the sides of her twat 
- Spirit Crusher

There once was a man from Gosham
Who took out his bollocks to wash 'em
His wife said "Jack
if you don't put 'em back
I'll step on the bastards and squash 'em"
- Power_13

There once was a young man from Kent,
Who's cock was so long that it bent
To save himself trouble,
He put it in double
And instead of coming, he went. 
- AlphaDog

The once was a cop with some gumption,
Who lost his own cock at a luncheon,
And decieved his young wife,
For the rest of her life,
With the aid of his constable's truncheon. 
- AlphaDog

There was once a young fellow named Shane
Who liked whacking off with a cane
So much fun did he have
Ripping skin off his sav
That it drove the poor bugger insane 
- Coupon Wizard

A poofter who lived in Khartoum
Took a lesbian up to his room,
They argued all night
Over who had the right
To do what, and with which, and to whom.
- AlphaDog

There once was a man from Nantucket
Who went to hell in a bucket
And when he got there
The Devil asked for his fare
So he whipped out his dick and said 'suck it'
- EZipperelli

There once was a fellow McSweeney
Who spilled some sloe gin on his weenie
Just to be couth
He added vermouth
Then slipped his girlfriend a martini 
- Andy Saxon

There once was a man from Nantucket
Whose dick was so long he could suck it.
He said, with a grin,
As he wiped off his chin,
"If my ear was a cunt, then I'd fuck it."
- Leovinus

A pirate, history relates
Was scuffling with some of his mates
He slipped on a cutlass
Which rendered him nutless
And practically useless on dates 
- Slide Rule

There was a young plumber of Leigh
Was plumbing a maid by the sea.
Said the maid, "Cease your plumbing;
I think someone's coming."
Said the plumber, still plumbing, "It's me." 
- CerealCrunch

There once was a fellow named Dave
Who found an old whore in a cave
She was ugly as shit
And missing one tit
But think of the money he'll save!
- OilSlick

There was a young fellow named Hass,
whose bollocks were made out of brass
when they tinkled together
they played "Stormy Weather"
and lightning shot out of his ass. 
- ChlamydiaJones

There once was a woman named Jill
Who swallowed an exploding pill
They found her vagina
In North Carolina
And her tits in a tree in Brazil 
- Slide Rule

There was a young woman from France
Who thought she'd take a chance
She let herself go
For an hour or so
And now all her sisters are aunts 
- Aaron A Aardvark

There once was a fellow named Brown
Who was the nastiest bastard around
He was caught by the G-men
Shooting his semen
So the cops would slip and fall down
- Kung Food

There once was a hooker named Sue
Who filled her pussy with glue
So for their sin
The Johns paid to get in
And pay to get out of her too
- Andy Saxon

This is my friend John Issacs
Who's balls are of different sizes
One is so small
It is nothing at all
And the other has won many prizes 
- Kung Food

A mathematician named Hall,
Had a hexahadronical ball.
The cube of it's weight,
Times pi squared, plus eight,
Was two thirds of three fifths of fuck all. 
- AlphaDog

A man, enterprising from Blunt
Proposed an incredible stunt
He's propelled so high
The cannon up nigh
He'd end up knee deep in her cunt.
- Slide Rule

There once was a vampire named Mable
Who's periods were always quite stable
And every full moon,
She'd pull out a spoon
And drink herself under the table.
- Beer_Suitcase

There once was a lady from Ryde
Who ate a green apple and died
The apple fermented
Inside the lamented
And made cider inside her insides
- Super Waffle

There once was a man named Enis
A spaceman who travelled to Venus
He said with a stutter
get out of the gutter
this poem is not about a penis. 
- D is That Guy

The horse owner, Bartleby Fife,
Was given the shock of his life
When he went to the shed
And found, to his dread,
That the jockey was riding his wife.
- Grope-A-Matic

There once was a hooker named Harriet
Whom customers rode like a chariot
When fooling around,
She'd act like a hound;
She'd lick off a bone--and then bury it. 
- Grope-A-Matic

There once was a man from Stamboul
Who soliloquized thus to his tool:
You took all my wealth
And you ruined my health
And now you won't pee you old fool 
- Stultus Maximus

There was a young lady from Venus,
whose body was shaped like a penis.
A fellow named Hunt
was shaped like a cunt,
so it all worked out fine, just between us. 
- Jenova Project

A trollop who worked up at Yale
Had her price list tattooed on her tail.
Just above her behind
As an aid to the blind
Was a duplicate schedule in Braille. 
- CrowsNestMutineer

She frowned and called him Mr.
Because in fun he kr.
And so in spite,
That very night,
This Mr. kr. sr.
- Kenning

There was an old lady from China,
Who had an enormous vagina.
When she was dead,
They painted it red,
and used it for docking a liner.
- Quidam Viator

There was a lady from Norway
Who hung by her toes in the doorway.
She said to her beau,
"Just look at me, Joe!
I think I've discovered one more way." 
- Aggro

There once was a fellow O'Doole
Who found little red spots on his tool
His Doctor a cynic
said Get out of me clinic,
And wipe off that lipstick you fool!
- Andy Saxon
















--- --- Old, pre-RPG-style ideas below --- ---

BACKEND
	Don't bother with anti-cheating mechanics
	Various parts are in iframes, so various URLs are not visible
		in-iframe layout reloads the whole page if not in iframe (e.g. if a link is opened in a new window)
		var isInIFrame = (window.location != window.parent.location) ? true : false;
	Saved in cookie:
		Items in inventory
		Flags
		Current location	(e.g. bar)
		Current location-state (0 = first interaction, >0 for in the middle of an interaction)
	Action
		Each link is to /:location_id/:action_id, and is routed to pages/play
		pages/play calls appropriate location/action method
		Takes current location and state and directs to a location-specific method
		Method returns appropriate $this->render()
	Invisible timer for various time-delay effects, incremented by "significant actions"
	First floor, front-door barricade has strength of 50
		decremented every turn
		increased by adding barricades
		barricade-chomping delayed by 20 turns if a cat on the second floor is caught and tossed out the front window
		At zero, the zombies break into the first floor and kill everyone there
	Ten turns later, zombies try to break into basement and second floor
		Delayed by barricades placed there
	Ten turns later, zombies try to get onto roof
	
		

PLOT
	IMPETUS
	Unstoppable horde at door, will break in after 50 turns
	
	ZOMBIES
	Zombie in men's restroom
	Zombie by back door
	Zombie at bar
	
	ITEMS
	(Downstairs)
	Machete in women's restroom
	Bartender can make one zombie poison drink
		If carried, can be thrown at a zombie to kill it
		If drank, allows player to belch during combat (once) and kill zombie
	Cue ball
	Quarters (in Mortal Kombat machine)
	Set of pool balls (if quarters acquired)
		"You manage to cram all fifteen balls in your pants. Better not let these spill out all over the place, or someone might trip on them. Hmm..."
	
	(Upstairs)
	Cat
	Pole and string
	
	(Basement)
	Net - "Maybe you could use this net to trap the zombies trying to get in! 
		Or at least distract them while you beat them to shit with barstools or something. 
		But those zombies move pretty fast. You'd need a way to slow them down before a net's
		going to do any good."
		
	PLOT POINTS
	(Upstairs)
	When finding pole and string, option: make a makeshift fishing pole
	When at front window
		with cat, option: throw cat out window (distracts zombies for 10 turns)
		with fishing pole and cat, option: lower cat down (removes fishing pole and cat from inventory, distracts zombies for 20 turns, then they eat it and the pole)
			with cat lowered, 	option: drop cat (zombie-distraction set to 10)
								option: swing the cat over to in front of the Heorot (relocates the zombies for 20 turns, during which you can escape, then they return)
								option: bring cat back up (moves cat and FP into inventory, zombies go back to door)
		with fishing pole and NO cat, "If only there were something you could do to distract them from the door."
		with pole and string, option: make a makeshift fishing pole
		
    (Downstairs)
    At front door:
    	"Those zombies are banging at the door, and it's only a matter of time until they break in. 
    	There's no way that the people inside stand a chance if they get in. Unless if they could be contained, somehow."
    At front door, option: unlock the door (zombies break in immediately)
    At front door with set of pool balls, option: lay pool balls down on floor
    	At front door with balls on floor, option: pick pool balls back up